{\rtf1\ansi\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0 Arial;}}
\fs24
\b Reolink Doorbell Visitor Event\b0\par
\par
This driver connects to a local Reolink doorbell and exposes a Control4 programming event when the visitor button is pressed.\par
\par
\b What this driver does\b0\par
- Maintains a Baichuan TCP session to the doorbell for push notifications.\par
- Confirms visitor state with Reolink GetEvents.\par
- Fires the Composer event \i Visitor Pressed\i0 .\par
- Exposes programming variables for diagnostics:\par
  CONNECTION_STATUS\par
  LAST_PUSH_TIMESTAMP\par
  LAST_VISITOR_EVENT\par
\par
\b Required properties\b0\par
- Doorbell IP\par
- Username\par
- Password\par
\par
Defaults are normally correct for most Reolink doorbells:\par
- API Port: 443\par
- Use HTTPS: Yes\par
- Baichuan Port: 9000\par
- Channel: 0\par
\par
\b Recommended programming\b0\par
Use the device-specific event:\par
- When NAME Visitor Pressed\par
\par
This is the cleanest trigger for chimes, announcements, or automation rules.\par
\par
\b Variables\b0\par
The exposed variables are best used for diagnostics or advanced logic.\par
Avoid triggering the same automation from both the event and variable changes unless that is intentional.\par
\par
\b Actions\b0\par
- Reconnect Now: closes and reopens the session.\par
- Test Visitor Event: manually fires the event for Composer testing.\par
- Refresh Visitor State: forces an immediate GetEvents refresh.\par
\par
\b Notes\b0\par
- Normal operation should be push-driven, with polling used only as fallback.\par
- If the doorbell is unreachable, check IP, credentials, and local network access first.\par
}
